[Music]
in the Journey of Life everyone has to
face uncertainties
but with due diligence you can keep your
loved ones secure
that is why ICICI Lombard presents the
family shield policy that secures your
loved ones and your peace of mind
armed with useful benefits this policy
offers accidental injury benefit
accidental death permanent total or
partial disability accidental
hospitalization reimbursement cover
enhanced coverage for child's education
graft broken bones all compassionate
visits
isn't this the right shield for your
family
for details contact your relationship
manager today
[Music]